Release v1.2.0 (#20)
tarantool/go-openssl: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

### Changed

### Fixed

## [v1.2.0] - 2025-01-21

The release introduces `Close()` method of the Ctx, that
could be called to clean internal resouces.

### Added

> - Ctx: new method for closing context and clean internal resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ctx.Close() method for closing SSL context and clean internal resources
```
